yo wis gede deh Viking is far decu wow hey
and hello everyone is back on
this channel Of course to watch
the film story in this video I will
tell the film The SpongeBob Movie
Sponge Out of Water this film
tells about the mysterious disappearance of the
Krabby Patty Recipe which
caused chaos  in Bikini Bottom
, the cause of which you will find out
later after watching this video until it
runs out, so let's watch the
video.
[Applause] The
recipe for pempek film starts with a
male pirate named Burger so that
he finds a treasure map on
the shore of a pirate beach.  the sea went to
follow the map into the forest
there were many obstacles but
he managed to get through it he arrived
at the treasure he was looking for which
turned out to be treasure It was a
book held by a skull
he took the book then the
skull fell and suddenly
life he hit the burger until the burger
t  bouncing back to his ship then
he read the book and read
its contents in front of his friends the birds in the
book told of a
city under the sea called Bikini Bottom
where in the city there is a
famous restaurant called
Kera trigraph which is owned by a
red crab, Mr.  The Krab
restaurant has a mainstay menu,
namely the Krabby Patty which
is very well liked by all
the townspeople. Behind the delicacy, it can't be
separated from the role of a
yellow city coffee named SpongeBob
Hai. He is a reliable copy of the Krusty Krab
who really loves his job
as well as his friends and colleagues.
everyone in Bikini
Bottom really likes the Krabby Patty
but no one cares about the
secret of the delicious burger recipe
except for one person, namely plankton
plankton who always tries to steal
the Krabby Patty recipe but his intentions are
always thwarted by Spongebob until
one day.  he again tried to
steal the secret Krabby Patty recipe
by carrying out an attack
with an airplane he threw
the largest jar of hamsters from
his plane right in front of spongebob and
Mr.
The plankton
they fired a lot at
Plankton's plane but the potato
kept on missing and finally the
potato shot hit Plankton's plane
and brought it down. But Plankton's efforts
weren't over yet he also brought
a tank to attack again
with pickle shots Mr. Krab ordered the
spongebop to counter
the sauce fire  custard and mayonnaise by the
trick that brought mayonnaise was not strong enough to
hold it he then threw the
mayonnaise in front of Plankton but
missed Plankton thought that he would be
fine with the
mayonnaise spill.  ika bumped into him but
Plankton didn't give up he then
took out a big robot that
resembled himself a spongebob ran away hard on a
tikrep and Plankton's robot smashed
the Krusty Krab door before he had time to
attack again the robot watched suddenly
ran out of power and stopped they
both then laughed seeing Plankton
who failed to attack
Plankton did not give up he got out of
his robot and tried to pay Mr.
Krab to get the secret recipe
but unfortunately the money was used
to buy the tank plane and also the
robot and he only had one
coin Plankton gave it
to Mr. Krab Mr. Krab also
put it in the order  tsnya Mr.
Krab brought out the plankton plankton
walked out with the birds while being
laughed at by the
people there Maybe you
thought Plankton gave up but it turned out
that it was only part of his plan
he came out of the mountain earlier and was already
inside Rangkas Tua  n Krab to
get the Krabby Patty Recipe He also
exchanged the original Crabby Patty formula
with a fake it turned out that Plankton who was
crying outside the Krusty Krab restaurant was
just Plankton's robot
Spongebob then entered
Mr. Krab's room and caught Plankton
doing his action Plankton
looked scared after being caught  he
then drops one of the bottles of his
recipe on the floor which makes the
security alarm sound the entire
Krusty Krab restaurant is then isolated and covered
with iron Mr. Krab who is outside
immediately goes inside and inside
SpongeBob and the audience fights for the
bottle of the secret Krabby Patty recipe and
suddenly the bottle of the recipe  disappeared
just as Mr. Krab arrived at his room
Mr. Krab was angry with Plankton because
he thought he was the one who took the
secret recipe but this time spongebob
defended Plankton because Plankton didn't
do it Mr. Krab still not
me he then tied up Plankton and
made a gari joke  While
using a headset, at first Plankton was
not bothered by the
dry joke until finally Spongebob laughed
very loudly and made the audience
scream because he was disturbed by the
joke. Squidward came to stop
Spongebob's laughter and told them.
Mr. Krab
then ordered the spongebop to
prepare the krebipeti but they
were shocked to see that all the ready PP stock was
gone while Plankton had
managed to escape from there, the spongebob
couldn't make the krabby patty without
a secret recipe because he wasn't
allowed to know the
secret recipe based on the restaurant regulations of
all customers in the restaurant.  The outside is
very angry and asks for their money
back but Mr. Krab defends himself
by blaming Plankton because
he was the one who caused the mess
yet again Spongebob defends Plankton
because he is not the culprit but Mr.
Kra  b keeps blaming Plankton and
invites everyone to get his
Secret recipe back from
ton in exchange for a discount on PT credit at
his house Plankton tells
his wife about the disappearance of the Krabby
Patty Recipe suddenly as soon as
everyone is there to arrest him
Mr. Krab takes him out and
judges him along with the others
spongebob Then comes to punish
Bang ton by blowing bubbles
But apparently he did this
to save him from the rampage of the citizens of
Bikini Bottom SpongeBob went into
the bubble earlier while under
the people who were still angry threw
spongebop bubbles so they fell
but they still managed to  escaped
that day was the day the chaos
that occurred throughout the city of Bikini
Bottom turned out to be the storyline that had been
compiled by pirates from his ship he
wrote the word Dien in his book but there was a
bird that took the book and
threw away the torn paper inscribed  Scan the
Dien into the sea There is a
very severe chaos in Bikini Bottom as
if the apocalypse is about to happen while
SpongeBob, who is still in the
bubble with Plankton, invites him to join
him to get back the
secret recipe for the Krabby Patty that was lost from
his house. Sandy sees chaos in the city
from  a TV broadcast suddenly the paper
that was thrown into the sea by the bird
fell on top of Sandy SpongeBob's house and the
audience arrived near his house then
he burst the bubble and they
fell around there spongebob then
invited petrik to join
him and Plankton to find
the secret recipe.  it turns out that by a trick he
betrayed spongebob and instead
held him to be caught by lucky residents,
spongebob was able to escape with Plankton and
ran to Sandy's house there was something strange
with Sandy's house, his house looked
very messy and
neglected suddenly Sandy appeared from the top of the tree
he looks like a stressed person he
then  n shows the paper that
fell on top of his house that
said Dien and he thought the
paper was a sign that the
God of bread was angry and he also
said that he had no way
to calm him down.
Hai felt unable to ask for
help Sandy SpongeBob and Plankton
then left  there to
meet Gerry they hope to
recruit Gerry to be their team
but Gerry refuses and instead sends
his friends to attack them at
night SpongeBob is very sad to
see his city is very chaotic from a
distance Plankton tries to
cheer him up and tells him to sleep
he's just pretending  pretends to be nice to
SpongeBob because when SpongeBob was sleeping
he sneaked into
SpongeBob's brain to find the secret recipe for the
Krabby Patty but in SpongeBob's mind
there was only joy and joy that
made Plankton's eyes hurt he was
thrown out of Spongebob's brain because
not only did he see this
t then SpongeBob wakes up
and finds out that Plankton has just
entered his brain Plankton doesn't
deny it he instead tells the truth If
he looks for a secret recipe in
SpongeBob's brain SpongeBob replies that he
doesn't remember the Secret formula but
Plankton doesn't believe it he
then gets angry with Plankton because
he doesn't
because you have
to have mutual trust, spongebob then
sings a Timor-themed song. The essence
of the song is that you have to trust each other
and you have to work together.
Plankton then says that what
spongebob has just done, he won't be
able to feel it anymore.
then
Plankton got the idea to make
a time machine so they could
go back to a time where the secret recipe for the
Krabby Patty had not disappeared and
prevented it from happening.
can arrive and
When they get there They see petrik
who is sleeping While keeping
cool there is a key used by
betrik Plankton tries to take it
but the key gets stuck in petrik's navel
The SpongeBob pulls the key
but petrik wakes up because of
petrik then blows the whistle but SpongeBob stops it
before  the whistle
blows, spongebob holds petrik and
Plankton reads a fairy tale to make
petrik fall asleep they finally manage to
get in and save cool then
they tell their plan to
cool to make a
cool head time machine which is also
their computer monitor that to be
one of the components of their time machine
they  then go somewhere
and there they start to make
a time machine with existing equipment
together finally a time machine
so they then go
somewhere use the machine
there They m  see petrik who has
a long white beard turns out They
went to the future to be precise to A few
days later petrik was seen
sitting on a terstiq rap nameplate
which turned out to have been buried by their
pile of sand then went back
into the time machine and this time they
reached outer space
net  a dolphin named bables
who is the guardian of the galaxy bables
then goes to the toilet and soon
there are two planets colliding with each other
SpongeBob and Plankton try to
hide the pieces of the planet that
collided earlier But bables suddenly
came and found out bables
blamed them both and
attacked him
Hi both of them Then  from heading to
the time machine they finally arrived at the
time they wanted. When
Plankton was stealing the secret recipe for the
Krabby Patty SpongeBob tried to take
the secret recipe from Plankton in the
past he succeeded and then went
back to the burger time machine to
tell the story  He told
his bird friends then he saw the
land that was already in front of
his eyes and headed there he then
immediately parked his amphibious boat on
the burger land then opened a
restaurant and he grilled one of
his bird friends until they left
because of fear Meanwhile at the Krusty
Krab  Patrick is lamenting the
Krabby Patty picture it seems he really misses
eating it then Sandy comes Then
tells the theory of the God of Anger his sandwich
to people he says
that it takes a victim so that
PT credit can reappear and
fall from the sky of course Mr.
Krab doesn't like that theory because he
will not be able to sell Krabby Patty
again if that happens
Hi for not agreeing with Sandy's idea
Mr. Crab dance mi2 was brought by people
to be a lucky victim
SpongeBob and the audience came right
away with the secret recipe for Krabby
Patty then he gave it to
Mr. Krab Mr. Krab  make
But it turns out that the contents are not
the original secret recipe but
a fake Asian replica made by the singer of
God, who is angry with Spongebob. He
then tells the people to
sacrifice Spongebob, but suddenly
Petrik, who has just left using
a time machine, comes out and runs scared
because it turns out  there's a dinosaur with the
head of Squidward chasing him a
fun squid there is making a mess there
meanwhile Plankton blames
spongebob for taking
the wrong bottle SpongeBob blames
Plankton again because it was his evil nature that
made this mess
Plankton replies that spongebop is
a bad teammate spongebob is initially
annoyed at what he said  Plankton but
he then realized and restrained
his emotions he instead volunteered himself
to be made
and the residents were happy and immediately
brought a spongebop to be a victim
before being made a victim, spongebob
suddenly smelled the smell of crate credit
but Mr. Krab didn't  believe it
Squidward then cut the rope to
drop a large rock on
SpongeBob and Mr. Krab suddenly Mr.
Krab also smelled the aroma of the Krabby Patty he
then told spongebop to find the
source of the scent other Bikini
Bottom residents also followed
spongebob's journey to find the source of the aroma
they traveled very  far
together until they arrived
near the source of the aroma that seemed to
come from the mainland for fear
of the other residents leaving
them and leaving only SpongeBob
Patrick Mr. Krab Sandy and Squidward
it turned out that Plankton was also on the
trip secretly he
then got into a t-shirt
Spongebop's legs to hide They
then think of a way to
get them to land suddenly
14 appears in front of them through
space time
Hey he wants to help spongebob because
Spongebob accidentally
freed himself from his job
to protect the Galaxy  bables put
them all in his mouth and
drove them to land he
then threw them ashore
when they arrived at the beach bables
cheered them on then
left them on land they
even swayed here and there
bounced off by human activities and finally
spongebob smelled the aroma again  krebipeti
them all Then immediately went to
the aroma of the Krabby Patty
using a dipper and
they arrived at a restaurant
called the home of the Krabby Patty which
turned out to be owned by the burger pirates
Let them Then meet
him there the burgers were shocked and asked
how they got there  there,
spongebob answered that it was thanks to Babel
silumbalumba burger, so he
said that bables were not in the
story of the book, where Bikini
Bottom should have been destroyed after the Krabby Patty recipe was
stolen by him.
with
his wish by using the
book he has he plans to
become the richest man after creating
a restaurant with
a delicious main menu credit he then shows how
his book works by writing if they
will all be stranded on a
ligand island and sure enough they then
disappear and appear on the island.  an
island full of pelicans according
to what burgers wrote
the hungry pelicans
attacked them all joints then
took out a piece of paper that he
got at his house then spongebob
took a pelican feather
and Squidward took out the ink
spongebob wrote using feathers and
ink  from Squidward on the paper
He wanted them all to
disappear from there and have
the super powers Plankton was still
there he then wrote
something that would be the end of the
story on the beach seen
people really enjoy credit  t
made a burger chest and he got a lot
of money for
hi then the five creatures appeared
in the shape of a superhero
Squidward has the power with
his clarinet to
disperse people while petrik has a
food magnet which is used to
fill his burger stomach then
will write something in his book  but
swiftly Mr. Krab restrained him with
strength like being Iron Man,
spongebob released a bubble that
made the book float in the air
then Mr. Krab let go of one
hand that made the burger run away
Sandy then came in his
superhero form then they realized
that the burger had managed to escape they
followed  the oil trail left
by burger realizes if yes followed
burger adds speed
to escape from them with his
strength spongebob also increases his
speed but burger releases its
anchor which makes them all
fall burger b  Spongebob tried to pick up the
book that was nearby,
then hooked the anchor to
a fish statue which made the boat
move slowly to a halt. The burger almost
got it but the speedboat let out
a loud wave from its clarinet which
made the book fall into the fireplace and
burn. Sandy attacked the burger with a
jet of peanuts.  Petrik attacks him
with ice cream but it doesn't
work. Burger then attacks
Mr. Krab with a butter shot. He also
attacks Spongebob with a cannon shot.
Spongebob is able to block the
shot with his moves but when Petrik
makes a stupid mistake, Spongebob is caught off guard
and hit by a cannon. Burger
Burger tries to run away.  after
getting the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty
but Plankton came with
a very large body even though his head
was still small he lifted the
burger ship which made the burgers take shelter
in his ship when Plankton turned
to him  Burger was sprayed with chili sauce
because his eyes stung Quantum
held back and threw the burger ship to the Way
Back burger tried to escape but
now Plankton and SpongeBob combine their
strength Plankton blows bubbles
from Spongebob with all his might
to shoot
so many bubbles that it makes it
fall finally the burger is caught  by
Plankton then Plankton asked for the
secret recipe for Krabby Patty from him burger
invited the audience to cooperate
with him but the audience refused Because
he felt he was already part of the
spongebob team and the others Plankton
then took the recipe bottle and
kicked the burger so that it bounced very
far maybe you will think that
Plankton will  took the secret recipe
But it turned out that Plankton had
repented and realized that what he was
doing had messed things up
he then gave the magic paper
to Spongebob then Spongebob made
them all return to their home.
Squidward is sad because he really
enjoyed his strength earlier but it turns out that
spongebob keeps
Squidward's stomach still sixpeck, finally the
life of the people in Bikini Bottom
is back to normal and they
can again enjoy the incomparable delights of
the Hai chest credits,
even though it's only a cartoon this film is
very teaching  us about
how our attitude should be in
terms of working together, we need a
trust in teammates and of
course a cohesiveness so
that the specified goals can be achieved. Eliminate the
sense of selfishness in myself because
this only causes problems
which in addition to harming ourselves also
harms many people.
see you in the next movie story
[Music]